oh this is the soldiers night before
Christmas twas the night before
Christmas and all through the base only
centuries were stirring they're guarded
the place at the foot of each box that a
helmet in a boot versus the Santa of
soldiers to fill up the flute the
soldiers were sleeping and snoring away
and they dreamed of back home on good
christmas day one screen with his rifle
he seemed so content I slept with the
letters my family had said when outside
the tent there arose such a clatter I
sprang from Iraq to see what was the
matter away to the window I flew like a
flash coked out my head and yelled what
was that crash when what to my thrilling
relief should appear but one of our
Blackhawks to give the all-clear more
rattles and rumbles I heard a deep one
then I drove eight Humvees of deep close
behind me it's vehicle panted have
painted a bright christmas green with
more lights and gold tinsel than I'd
ever seen the convoy commander lip down
and applause I knew that and there it
was surgeon McLaws more rapid than
marketers drivers that came when he
whistled and shouted and called them by
name now caught him Mendoza lost gloom
accord now Lil watts daunted and
specialist form go fill up this my sea
bags and gifts large and small now dash
away dash away dash away all and the
blink of an eye to their trucks and trip
started the engines did flutter this
butter they started they ate the amp
armor moved out it was done it or just
the claws disappeared in all of the dust
watch as I drove my head and was turning
around through the tent flap the surgeon
came in with the bound he was dressed on
camo and looked quite a sight with a
Santa hat added for his special night
his eyes sharp is glaziers his son
sticks feet tall his nose was quite
crooked his jaw hard as bricks a
stopped-up cigar hit helped clamped in
his teeth and the smoke it encircled his
head like a wreath a young driver walked
in with the sea bag in tow the cost of
the bag told the driver to go then the
sarge went to work at his mission today
been christmas from home to the trips
far away tasty bits remote friends and
the helmet too late there were candies
and cookies and cakes all homemade many
parents at phone cards to soldiers could
hear treasured voices of matter of those
they held their loving husbands and
wives had mailed photos galore of
weddings and birthdays and first steps
and more and for its shoulders bit like
a warm happy hug there was art from the
children at home sweetness know as you
finish the job did I see a twinkle was
that small smaller instead just a Winkle
to the top of his butt bro he raised up
his hand and gave a stat salute that
made me feel brand I passed him
surprised when his face Old Globe he
gave huge grid in a big ho ho ho ho ho
ho from the barracks and then from the
base ho ho ho as a calm voice sped up
and
space as the camp radar lost him I heard
this Fred call happy Christmas brave
soldiers may peace come to all the end
hold up the books everybody safe there
you go cool Carter